Add migration guide for MQTT (#1213)
aws/aws-iot-device-sdk-embedded-C: docs/doxygen/migration/mqtt.txt

/**
@page mqtt_migration MQTT
@brief How to migrate an MQTT application from v3 to 202009.00.

> The MQTT library has been redesigned in 202009.00 as a solely single-threaded library. New features such as persistent session support and QoS 2 publish delivery have also been added.

Reviewer: The use of "as a solely single-threaded library" could be misleading to customers as the library being suitable only for single-threaded applications.  Instead, we can use a phrase that mentions that library has been re-designed to "have no threading synchronization dependencies to be light weight"

@dan4thewin , what are your thoughts on the wording?

Reviewer 2: re-factored instead of re-designed.

Author: Rephrased to "The MQTT library has been refactored in 202009.00 to use only a single thread, and therefore no longer has any thread synchronization dependencies"

The features of the MQTT libraries in v3 and 202009.00 are defined by the common MQTT 3.1.1 spec; therefore, the two versions are similar.

@section migration_mqtt_removed Removed features
@brief The following features were present in v3, but removed in 202009.00:
- <u>Auto-reconnect</u> <br>

>   Version 3 has an auto-reconnect feature triggered through a call to `aws_iot_mqtt_yield`. In version 4, `aws_iot_mqtt_yield` has been removed, as well as the auto-reconnect feature. <br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Version 3 has an auto-reconnect feature triggered through a call to `aws_iot_mqtt_yield`. In version 202009.00, `aws_iot_mqtt_yield` has been removed, as well as the auto-reconnect feature. <br>
```

>   Version 3 has an auto-reconnect feature triggered through a call to `aws_iot_mqtt_yield`. In version 202009.00, `aws_iot_mqtt_yield` has been removed, as well as the auto-reconnect feature. <br>

Reviewer: The second statement says that `aws_iot_mqtt_yield` has been removed but the last table of equivalent functions says that `MQTTProcessLoop` (and ReceiveLoop) are equivalent to it.

I suggest that the second statement purely mentions that the "re-connect" feature has been removed from the 202009.00 version of the MQTT library

Author: Removed

  <b>Workaround:</b> When a version 4 API call does not return @ref MQTTSuccess, the application should re-establish

>   the underlying transport connection and then call @ref MQTT_Connect. The application should employ an exponential backoff strategy when re-establishing connections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  the underlying transport connection and then call @ref MQTT_Connect. We recommend that the application employ an exponential backoff strategy when re-establishing connections as explained in the [AWS blog for Exponential Back off and Jitter](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/architecture/exponential-backoff-and-jitter/).
```

- <u>Thread support</u> <br>
  Version 3 has an `_ENABLE_THREAD_SUPPORT_` macro for multi-threading use cases. Version 202009.00 has been redesigned to use only a single execution thread, and is

>   not thread-safe.

Reviewer: Why is this on a separate line?

Reviewer 2: Calling it not thread-safe sounds misleading. How about?

Version 202009.00 does not spawn any thread and therefore, the macro `_ENABLE_THREAD_SUPPORT_` has been removed.

Author: Changed. Does the newline matter? It doesn't affect formatting in any way.

@section migration_mqtt_datatypes Data Types
@brief The following table lists equivalent data types in v3 and 202009.00.

<table>
    <tr>
        <th>Version 3</th>
        <th>Version 202009.00</th>
        <th>Notes</th>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>enum QoS</td>
        <td>@ref MQTTQoS_t</td>
        <td>MQTT Quality of service.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>AWS_IoT_Client</td>
        <td>@ref MQTTContext_t</td>
        <td>MQTT connection handle.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>IoT_Publish_Message_Params</td>
        <td>@ref MQTTPublishInfo_t</td>
        <td>Parameters of an MQTT publish.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>IoT_MQTT_Will_Options</td>
        <td>@ref MQTTPublishInfo_t</td>
        <td>Optional Will parameter of an MQTT connect. </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>IoT_Client_Connect_Params</td>
        <td>@ref MQTTConnectInfo_t</td>

>         <td>Parameter of an MQTT connect. </td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <td>Parameters of an MQTT connect. </td>
```

    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>IoT_Client_Init_Params</td>
        <td><i>None</i></td>
        <td>The members of this struct in v3 handled setup of the network connection.<br>This is handled outside of the MQTT library in 202009.00.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>pApplicationHandler_t</td>
        <td>@ref MQTTEventCallback_t</td>

>         <td>Function pointer of application callback to receive incoming data.</td>

Reviewer: Was the V3 SDK also providing ack packets to the `pApplicationHandler_t`. If not, then that difference can also be mentioned

Reviewer 2: Not sure if that would be any helpful in this table.

    </tr>
</table>

@section migration_mqtt_functions Functions
@brief The following table lists equivalent API functions in v3 and 202009.00. These functions are the API functions declared in:
- In v3: <a href="https://github.com/aws/aws-iot-device-sdk-embedded-C/blob/0da87f06f1501fad7b03b5d89a1322cc8a8848b4/include/aws_iot_mqtt_client_interface.h">aws_iot_mqtt_client_interface.h</a>
- In 202009.00: [MQTT functions](@ref mqtt_functions)

<table>
    <tr>
        <th>Version 3</th>
        <th>Version 202009.00</th>
        <th>Notes</th>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>aws_iot_mqtt_init</td>
        <td>@ref MQTT_Init</td>
        <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>aws_iot_mqtt_free</td>
        <td><i>None</i></td>

>         <td>202009.00 has nothing to free, as it does not use synchronization primitives for thread safety, nor does it rely on dynamic memory.</td>

Reviewer 2: 202009.00 does not allocate any memory and therefore, has nothing to free.

Author: Changed

    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>aws_iot_mqtt_connect</td>
        <td>@ref MQTT_Connect</td>
        <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>aws_iot_mqtt_publish</td>
        <td>@ref MQTT_Publish</td>
        <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>aws_iot_mqtt_subscribe</td>
        <td>@ref MQTT_Subscribe</td>
        <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>aws_iot_mqtt_resubscribe</td>
        <td><i>None</i></td>

>         <td>Function removed because auto-reconnect was removed.</td>

Reviewer: Does re-subscribe have a direct relation with the auto re-connect (i.e. does v3 SDK auto reconnect and auto re-subscribe)?

Author: The [docs](http://aws-iot-device-sdk-embedded-c-docs.s3-website-us-east-1.amazonaws.com/aws__iot__mqtt__client__subscribe_8c.html#aa99dbe35b664ab5d2f579268f9de29c5) aren't the most descriptive. Auto-reconnect internally calls resubscribe: https://github.com/aws/aws-iot-device-sdk-embedded-C/blob/6f88ba7e5471b550f9b9c0fb9bed7ef6e1230caf/src/aws_iot_mqtt_client_connect.c#L593
